Interactive RDP Connection Script

This project contains an interactive Bash script that allows you to establish an RDP (Remote Desktop Protocol) connection from a Linux machine using the `xfreerdp` command.

##     Features

- Prompts for the computer name or IP address of the server.
- Allows entering a domain (can be left blank if not applicable).
- Prompts for the username for the RDP connection.
- Executes the `xfreerdp` command with the provided parameters.

##     Prerequisites

- Linux
  
- `xfreerdp` installed on your machine. You can install it with the following command:
  
  `sudo apt-get install freerdp2-x11`
  
  ## Installation
  

1. Clone this repository to your machine:
  
  bash
  
  Copier le code
  
  `git clone https://github.com/your-username/repo-name.git`
  
2. Navigate to the project directory:
  
  bash
  
  Copier le code
  
  `cd repo-name`
  
3. Grant execution rights to the script:
  
  bash
  
  Copier le code
  
  `chmod +x rdp_connect.sh`
  

##     Usage

1. Run the script:
  
  bash
  
  Copier le code
  
  `./rdp_connect.sh`
  
2. Enter the computer name or IP address of the RDP server.
  
3. (Optional) Enter the domain. Press Enter if you are not using a domain.
  
4. Enter the username.
  
5. The RDP connection will be automatically initiated.
  

##     Example of Generated Command

Here is an example of a command that could be generated by the script based on the provided information:

bash

Copier le code

`xfreerdp /v:192.168.1.100 /d:my_domain /u:my_username`

## Authors

- **Chac93** - [Your GitHub Profile](https://github.com/your-username)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the LICENSE file for details.
